# 帮助信息

* 先看老man怎么说

```
mock(1)                                                                                           Vidal"                                                                                           mock(1)

NAME
       mock - build SRPMs in a chroot # 明明白白，chroot编译srpm包

SYNTAX
       mock  [options] --rebuild SRPM [SRPM...]

       mock  [options] --chain SRPM [SRPM...]

       mock  [options] --buildsrpm {--spec spec --sources src --symlink-dereference | --scm-enable}

       mock  [options] --chroot <cmd>

       mock  [options] {--init|clean|shell}

       mock  [options] --installdeps {SRPM|RPM|SPEC}

       mock  [options] -i, --install PACKAGE [PACKAGE...]

       mock  [options] --update [PACKAGE...]

       mock  [options] --remove PACKAGE [PACKAGE...]

       mock  [options] --orphanskill

       mock  [options] -p, --print-root-path

       mock  [options] --copyin path [path...] destination

       mock  [options] --copyout path [path...] destination

       mock  [options] --scm-enable [--scm-option key=value ...]

       mock  [options] -l, --list-snapshots

       mock  [options] --snapshot [snapshot-name]

       mock  [options] --rollback-to [snapshot-name]

       mock  [options] --remove-snapshot [snapshot-name]

       mock  [options] --umount

       mock  [options] --pm-cmd [arguments ...]

       mock  [options] --yum-cmd [arguments ...]

       mock  [options] --dnf-cmd [arguments ...]

DESCRIPTION
       Mock  is  a simple program that will build source RPMs inside a chroot. It doesn't do anything fancy other than populating a chroot with the contents specified by a configuration file, then build any input SRPM(s) in that chroot.

       The content of a chroot is specified by the configuration specified with the -r option. The default configuration file is /etc/mock/default.cfg, which is usually a symlink to one of the installed
       configurations.

       There  is a site-wide configuration file, /etc/mock/site-defaults.cfg, which can be used to specify site-wide options. The shipped version of this file has no active options, but does have a list
       of all of the configuration options examples of how to set them, and their default values.

       To change configuration only for the current user please use ~/.config/mock.cfg configuration file.

       For backward compatibility, old-style commands, ("rebuild", "init", "clean", etc.) without leading '--' are still accepted, but are deprecated. See COMMANDS section, below, for the detailed list‐
       ing of all commands.

       To use mock, a user should become a member of the mock group by adding their username to the mock line in /etc/group. This can be done with the following command:

               sudo /usr/sbin/usermod -a -G mock $USER

       Note that mock is not intended to be run directly as root.

       Warning:  Mock  is running some parts of code with root privileges. There are known ways to get root access once a user is in mock group (and once he is able to run mock). This is possible when a
       user abuses the mock configuration options. Please do not add anyone who is not trustworthy to the mock group!

COMMANDS
       --buildsrpm
              Build the specified SRPM either from a spec file and source file/directory or SCM. The chroot (including the results directory) is cleaned first, unless --no-clean is specified.

       --chain
              When passing more than one SRPM, it will try to build failed builds if at least one subsequent SRPM succeed. This mimic the behaviour of deprecated mockchain.

       --clean
              Purge the chroot tree.

       --copyin
              Copies the source paths (files or directory trees) into the chroot at the specified destination path.

       --copyout
              Copies the source paths (files or directory trees) from the chroot to the specified destination path.

       --chroot [--] COMMAND [ARGS...]
              Run the specified command non-interactively within the chroot (no --clean is performed).

              This mode is similar to shell mode, except that the output is logged and the COMMAND and ARGS arguments are not shell expanded in chroot when the variant with CMD+ARGS  is  used,  see  the
              difference in mock output:
                  mock --quiet --chroot -- echo '*'
                  *
                  mock --quiet --chroot -- 'echo *'
                  bin boot builddir dev etc home lib lib64 media mnt opt ...  See also --shell.

       --debug-config
              Print all options in config_opts.

       --debug-config-expanded
              Prints all options in config_opts with jinja template values already expanded.

       --dnf-cmd
              Execute  following  arguments  with  DNF with installroot set to the chroot path. DNF must be installed on the system.  It will use the binary which is specified in 'dnf_command' option in
              site-defaults.cfg config, which by default is /usr/bin/dnf.  This option will enforce --dnf.

       --init Initialize a chroot (clean, install chroot packages, etc.).

       -i, --install
              Do a yum install PACKAGE inside the chroot. No 'clean' is performed.

       --installdeps
              Find out deps for SRPM or RPM, and do a yum install to put them in the chroot. No 'clean' is performed

       --list-chroots
              List all available chroots names and their description - both system-wide and user ones.

       -l, --list-snapshots
              List all existing snapshots of the chroot belonging to the current configuration.  Current base snapshot is marked with an asterisk (*)

       --mount
              Mount all everything mounted in the chroot path including the root itself that might have been an LVM volume, TMPFS or overlayfs.

       --orphanskill
              No-op mode that simply checks that no stray processes are running in the chroot. Kills any processes that it finds using the specified root.

       --pm-cmd
              Execute following arguments with the current package manager with installroot set to the chroot path.

       -p, --print-root-path
              Prints a path to the currently used chroot directory.

       --rebuild
              If no command is specified, rebuild is assumed. Rebuild the specified SRPM(s). The chroot (including the results directory) is cleaned first, unless --no-clean is specified.

       --remove
              Do a yum remove PACKAGE inside the chroot. No 'clean' is performed.

       --remove-snapshot
              Remove given snapshot freeing the space it occupied. This action cannot be undone.  This feature is available only when lvm_root or overlayfs plugin is installed and enabled.

       --rollback-to
              Return chroot to the state in the specified snapshot and set it as the current base to which clean actions will return. It won't delete nor modify the snapshot that was set as base  previ‐
              ously.  This feature is available only when the lvm_root or overlayfs plugin is installed and enabled.

       --scm-enable
              Enable  building from an SCM (CVS/Git/SVN/DistGit). The SCM repository must be configured in site-defaults.cfg before SCM checkouts are possible. SCM package and branch can be defined with
              --scm-option arguments, see site-defaults.cfg for more information.

       --scrub=TYPE
              Completely remove the specified chroot or cache dir or all of the chroot and cache.  TYPE is one of all, chroot, bootstrap, cache, root-cache, c-cache, yum-cache  or  dnf-cache.  In  fact,
              dnf-cache is just alias for yum-cache, and both remove Dnf and Yum cache.

       --shell [--] [COMMAND [ARGS...]]
              Shell mode.  Run the specified command interactively within the chroot (no --clean is performed).  If no command specified, /bin/sh is run and prompt is provided.

              Be aware that mock first parses all the command-line arguments, so the ARGS could be mistakenly evaluated as mock's options.  Thats why you almost always want to use the -- separator.

              This mode does not produce logs (nothing is appended to root.log in --resultdir).

              The COMMAND and ARGS are shell expanded using the shell in chroot (unless they mistakenly expand in host's terminal shell).  E.g. the following two commands are equivalent:
                  mock --shell -- ls -l '*'
                  mock --shell 'ls -l *'
              But the following is something entierly different:
                  mock --shell -- ls -l *

       --sources=SOURCES
              Specifies sources (either a single file or a directory of files) to use to build an SRPM (used only with --buildsrpm).

       --spec=SPEC
              Specifies spec file to use to build an SRPM.

       --update [PACKAGE...]
              Do a package update inside the chroot. The package list is optional, if omitted, all packages will be updated. No 'clean' is performed.

       --snapshot
              Make  a  snapshot  of the current state of the chroot. That snapshot will be set as the current base to which --clean and implicit clean happening during rebuild command will return.  This
              feature is available only when the lvm_root or overlayfs plugin is installed and enabled.

       --umount
              Umount all everything mounted in the chroot path including the root itself that might have been an LVM volume, TMPFS or overalyfs.

       --yum-cmd
              Execute following arguments with YUM with installroot set to the chroot path. Yum must be installed on the system.  It will use the binary which is specified  in  'yum_command'  option  in
              site-defaults.cfg  config,  which  by  default  is /usr/bin/yum.  Note that in config files for Fedora 22+ this value is overwritten in chroot config to default to /usr/bin/yum-deprecated.
              This option will enforce --yum.

       Note: While you can specify more commands on a command line, only one can be executed. The last command will win.

OPTIONS
       -a, --addrepo=REPO
              Add this repo baseurl to the yumconfig for the chroot. This can be specified multiple times. Let's you point to multiple paths beyond the default to pull build deps from.

       --arch=ARCH
              Calls the Linux personality() syscall to tell the kernel to emulate a secondary architecture. For example, building i386 packages on an x86_64 buildhost.

       --additional-package=PACKAGE
              An additional package (on top of in-package specified BuildRequires) to be installed into the buildroot before the build is done.   Can  be  specified  multiple  times.   Works  only  with
              --rebuild.

       --forcearch=ARCH
              Pass --forcearch to DNF. This will enable to install packages for different architecture. Works only for DNF and you have to have package qemu-user-static installed.

       --cache-alterations
              Rebuild the root cache after making alterations to the chroot (i.e. --install). This option is useful only when using tmpfs plugin.

       --cleanup-after
              Clean chroot after building. Use with --resultdir. Only active for '--rebuild'.

       --configdir=CONFIGDIR
              Change directory where config files are found

       --config-opts=KEY=VALUE
              Override  configuration  option. Can be used multiple times. When used multiple times for the same key, it will create an array. This is evaluated first (after parsing configs) so any spe‐
              cialized command line option can override values defined in this option.

       --continue
              If a pkg fails to build, continue to the next one, default is to stop.

              Works only with --chain.

       --cwd=DIR
              Change to the specified directory (relative to the chroot) before running command when using --chroot or --shell.

       -D "MACRO EXPR", --define="MACRO EXPR"
              Specify macro definitions used for the build.  This option may be used multiple times, just as the rpmbuild --define option can be.  For example:

              --define "with_extra_cheese 1" --define="packager Monkey"

       --disable-plugin=PLUGIN
              Disable the specified plugin.  This option may be used multiple times.

       --disablerepo=REPO
              Pass --disablerepo option to package manager to disable a repository.  It can be specified multiple times.

       --dnf  Use DNF as the current package manager. You should have DNF (and dnf-plugins-core) installed on your system. This is the default.

       --enable-plugin=PLUGIN
              Enable the specified plugin.  This option may be used multiple times.

       --enablerepo=REPO
              Pass --enablerepo option to package manager to enable a repository.  It can be specified multiple times.

       --enable-network
              Enable networking. If you want to have  reproducible  builds  then  your  builds  should  run  without  a  network.   This  option  overrides  config_opts['rpmbuild_networking']  and  con‐
              fig_opts['use_host_resolv'], setting both True.

       --isolation={auto|nspawn|simple}
              What  should  be used for isolation of chroot.  The simple method uses chroot() call.  The nspawn  method utilizes systemd-nspawn(1) and runs the commands inside container.  The auto tries
              to use nspawn, and falls back to simple if system-nspawn can not be used (e.g. if mock is run in container).  The default is auto.

       --localrepo=REPO
              Set the path to put the results/repo in (works only in --chain mode).  Will make a tempdir if not set.

       -c     If package fails, continue to the next one (works only in --chain mode).

       -h, --help
              Show usage information and exit.

       --macro-file=FILE
              Use pre-defined rpm macro file. Macros passed to '--define' override macros of the same name from FILE.

       --new-chroot
              Deprecated. Use --isolation=nspawn.

       -n, --no-clean
              Do not clean chroot before building a package.

       --nocheck
              Pass --nocheck to rpmbuild to skip 'make check' tests.

       -N, --no-cleanup-after
              Don't clean chroot after building. If automatic cleanup is enabled, use this to disable.

       --offline
              Run in an 'offline' mode where we tell 'yum' to run completely from the local cache. Also, disables cache expiry for the mock yum cache.

       --old-chroot
              Deprecated. Use --isolation=simple.

       --plugin-option PLUGIN:KEY=VALUE
              Set plugin specific parameter. This option may be used multiple times.  Examples:

              --plugin-option=root_cache:age_check=False

              --plugin-option=mount:dirs=("/dev/device", "/mount/path/in/chroot/", "vfstype", "mount_options")

       --postinstall
              Try to install built packages in the same buildroot right after the build.

       -q, --quiet
              Be quiet.

       --recurse
              Build all pkgs, record the failures and try to rebuild them again and again until everything gets built (or until the set of pkgs failing to build  are  the  same  over)  sets  --continue.
              Works only with --chain.

       -r CONFIG, --root=CONFIG
              Uses  specified  chroot  configuration  as  defined in ~/.config/mock/<CONFIG>.cfg or /etc/mock/<CONFIG>.cfg.  Optionally if CONFIG ends in '.cfg', it is interpreted as full path to config
              file. If none specified, uses the chroot config linked to by /etc/mock/default.cfg.

       --resultdir=RESULTDIR
              Change directory where resulting files (RPMs and build logs) are written. Resultdir can contain python-string substitutions for any variable in the chroot config. For example:

              --resultdir=./my/"{{dist}}"/"{{target_arch}}"/

              This  option  enables  automatic  cleanup,  this  can   be   changed   in   config   file   (by   cleanup_on_success,   cleanup_on_failure   configuration   options)   or   overridden   by
              --no-cleanup-after/--cleanup-after arguments.

              Note that this option does not have an effect for --chain command. You can use --localrepo instead.

       --rootdir=ROOTDIR
              The path for where the chroot should be built. By default it is created in /var/lib/mock/<CONFIG>/root/.

       --rpmbuild-opts=OPTIONS
              Pass additional options to rpmbuild. To pass more options, put them in quotes.

       --rpmbuild_timeout=SECONDS
              Fail build if rpmbuild takes longer than 'timeout' seconds

       --scm-option=OPTIONS
              define an SCM option (may be used more than once).

       --short-circuit=STAGE
              Use rpmbuild's short-circuit mechanism to skip already executed stages of the build.  It doesn't produce RPMs, and it's useful only for debugging packaging. Implies --no-clean. STAGE spec‐
              ifies which stage will be executed as the first.  Available values: prep, build, install, binary.

       --symlink-dereference
              Follow symlinks in sources (used only with --buildsrpm).

       --target=ARCH
              This argument is passed to rpmbuild to specify the target arch to build. It defaults to whatever is specified for --arch, or whatever is specified in the config file  as  config_opts['tar‐
              get_arch'].

       --tmp_prefix=PREFIX
              Tmp dir prefix - will default to username-pid if not specified.

       --trace
              Enables verbose tracing of function enter/exit with function arguments and return codes. Useful for debugging mock itself.

       --uniqueext=text
              Arbitrary, unique extension to append to chroot directory name

       --unpriv
              Drop privileges before running command when using --chroot

       -v, --verbose
              Output verbose progress information.

       --version
              Show version number and exit.

       --with=OPTION
              Enable configure OPTION for the build.  This option may be used multiple times.  For example:

              --with=extra_cheese

       --without=OPTION
              Disable configure OPTION for the build.  This option may be used multiple times.  For example:

              --without=anchovies

       --yum  Use yum as the current package manager.

       --bootstrap-chroot
              build in two stages, using chroot rpm for creating the build chroot

       --no-bootstrap-chroot
              build in a single stage, using system rpm for creating the build chroot

       --use-bootstrap-image
              Instead  of creating a bootstrap chroot from scrath, use podman image specified in config_opts['bootstrap_image'], extract it, and use it as a cache for the bootstrap chroot.  This is use‐
              ful when host rpm version is not compatible with the target system, or when using mock on non-RPM distributions.  This option turns --bootstrap-chroot on.

       --no-bootstrap-image
              don't create bootstrap chroot from container image

FILES
       /etc/mock/ - default configuration directory

       /var/lib/mock - directory where chroots and results are created. You should not put there your input files.

EXAMPLES
       To rebuild test.src.rpm using the Fedora 14 configuration for x86_64

            mock -r fedora-14-x86_64 --rebuild /path/to/test.src.rpm

       Note that the available configurations are found in the /etc/mock directory with the extension .cfg. To specify a configuration use the filename without the trailing .cfg extension.

       To place the output RPMs and logs in a specified location.

            mock -r fedora-14-i386 --resultdir=./my-results /path/to/your.src.rpm

       To build a package from the default SCM repository configured in site-defaults.cfg use the following arguments.

            mock -r fedora-14-i386 --scm-enable --scm-option package=pkg

       To execute a command inside of chroot.

            mock -r fedora-21-x86_64 --chroot -- rpm --eval %dist

            mock -r fedora-21-x86_64 --chroot 'rpm --eval %dist'

       To build rawhide package using yum:

            mock -r fedora-rawhide-x86_64 --yum --rebuild your.src.rpm

       Query rpm database inside chroot using Yum:

            mock -r fedora-rawhide-x86_64 --yum-cmd whatprovides foo

       List package manager history using package manager which is configured in chroot config (can be either DNF or YUM):

            mock -r fedora-rawhide-x86_64 --pm-cmd history list

BUGS
       To report bugs in mock, go to:

            https://apps.fedoraproject.org/packages/mock/.

       Select the Bugs tab. If there is a bug similar to the one you are seeing, add your information to the comments. If not, press Open A New Bug and fill in the form.

AUTHORS
       Michael Brown <mebrown@michaels-house.net>

       Clark Williams <williams@redhat.com>

       Seth Vidal

       and a cast of...tens

```

```
[root@Rocky ~]# mock --help
usage:
       mock [options] {--init|--clean|--scrub=[all,chroot,cache,root-cache,c-cache,yum-cache,dnf-cache,lvm,overlayfs]}
       mock [options] [--rebuild] /path/to/srpm(s) # 常用，重新编译指定srpm包
       mock [options] [--chain] /path/to/srpm(s)
       mock [options] --buildsrpm {--spec /path/to/spec --sources /path/to/src| # 打包源码包
       --scm-enable [--scm-option key=value]}
       mock [options] {--shell|--chroot} <cmd>
       mock [options] --installdeps {SRPM|RPM}
       mock [options] --install PACKAGE
       mock [options] --copyin path [..path] destination
       mock [options] --copyout path [..path] destination
       mock [options] --scm-enable [--scm-option key=value]
       mock [options] --dnf-cmd arguments
       mock [options] --yum-cmd arguments

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --version             show program's version number and exit
  --rebuild             rebuild the specified SRPM(s)
  --chain               build multiple RPMs in chain loop
  --buildsrpm           Build a SRPM from spec (--spec ...) and
                        sources(--sources ...) or from SCM
  --debug-config        Prints all options in config_opts
  --debug-config-expanded
                        Prints all options in config_opts with jinja template
                        values already expanded
  --shell               run the specified command interactively within the
                        chroot. Default command: /bin/sh
  --chroot              run the specified command noninteractively within the
                        chroot.
  --clean               completely remove the specified chroot
  --scrub [all|chroot|cache|root-cache|c-cache|yum-cache|dnf-cache]
                        completely remove the specified chroot or cache dir or
                        all of the chroot and cache
  --init                initialize the chroot, do not build anything
  --installdeps         install build dependencies for a specified SRPM or
                        SPEC file
  -i, --install         install packages using package manager
  --list-chroots        List all chroot's configs
  --update              update installed packages using package manager
  --remove              remove packages using package manager
  --orphanskill         Kill all processes using specified buildroot.
  --copyin              Copy file(s) into the specified chroot
  --copyout             Copy file(s) from the specified chroot
  --pm-cmd              Execute package management command (with yum or dnf)
  --yum-cmd             Execute package management command with yum
  --dnf-cmd             Execute package management command with dnf
  --snapshot            Create a new LVM/overlayfs snapshot with given name
  --remove-snapshot     Remove LVM/overlayfs snapshot with given name
  --rollback-to         Rollback to given snapshot
  --umount              Umount the buildroot if it's mounted from separate
                        device (LVM/overlayfs)
  --mount               Mount the buildroot if it's mounted from separate
                        device (LVM/overlayfs)
  --localrepo LOCALREPO
                        local path for the local repo, defaults to making its
                        own (--chain mode only)
  -c, --continue        if a pkg fails to build, continue to the next one
  -a REPOS, --addrepo REPOS
                        add these repo baseurls to the chroot's yum config
  --recurse             if more than one pkg and it fails to build, try to
                        build the rest and come back to it
  --tmp_prefix TMP_PREFIX
                        tmp dir prefix - will default to username-pid if not
                        specified
  -r CONFIG, --root CONFIG
                        chroot config file name or path. Taken as a path if it
                        ends in .cfg, otherwise looked up in the configdir.
                        default: %default
  --offline             activate 'offline' mode.
  -n, --no-clean        do not clean chroot before building
  --cleanup-after       Clean chroot after building. Use with --resultdir.
                        Only active for 'rebuild'.
  -N, --no-cleanup-after
                        Don't clean chroot after building. If automatic
                        cleanup is enabled, use this to disable.
  --cache-alterations   Rebuild the root cache after making alterations to the
                        chroot (i.e. --install). Only useful when using tmpfs
                        plugin.
  --nocheck             pass --nocheck to rpmbuild to skip 'make check' tests
  --arch ARCH           Sets kernel personality().
  --forcearch FORCEARCH
                        Force architecture to DNF (pass --forcearch to DNF).
  --target RPMBUILD_ARCH
                        passed to rpmbuild as --target
  -D 'MACRO EXPR', --define 'MACRO EXPR'
                        define an rpm macro (may be used more than once)
  --macro-file MACROFILE
                        Use pre-defined rpm macro file
  --with option         enable configure option for build (may be used more
                        than once)
  --without option      disable configure option for build (may be used more
                        than once)
  --resultdir RESULTDIR
                        path for resulting files to be put
  --rootdir ROOTDIR     Path for where the chroot should be built
  --uniqueext UNIQUEEXT
                        Arbitrary, unique extension to append to buildroot
                        directory name
  --configdir CONFIGDIR
                        Change where config files are found
  --config-opts CLI_CONFIG_OPTS
                        Override configuration option.
  --rpmbuild_timeout RPMBUILD_TIMEOUT
                        Fail build if rpmbuild takes longer than 'timeout'
                        seconds
  --unpriv              Drop privileges before running command when using
                        --chroot
  --cwd DIR             Change to the specified directory (relative to the
                        chroot) before running command when using --chroot
  --spec SPEC           Specifies spec file to use to build an SRPM
  --sources SOURCES     Specifies sources (either a single file or a directory
                        of files)to use to build an SRPM (used only with
                        --buildsrpm)
  --symlink-dereference
                        Follow symlinks in sources (used only with
                        --buildsrpm)
  --short-circuit {prep,install,build,binary}
                        Pass short-circuit option to rpmbuild to skip already
                        complete stages. Warning: produced packages are
                        unusable. Implies --no-clean. Valid options: build,
                        install, binary
  --rpmbuild-opts RPMBUILD_OPTS
                        Pass additional options to rpmbuild
  --enablerepo [repo]   Pass enablerepo option to yum/dnf
  --disablerepo [repo]  Pass disablerepo option to yum/dnf
  --old-chroot          Obsoleted. Use --isolation=simple
  --new-chroot          Obsoleted. Use --isolation=nspawn
  --isolation ISOLATION
                        what level of isolation to use. Valid option: simple,
                        nspawn
  --enable-network      enable networking.
  --postinstall         Try to install built packages in the same buildroot
                        right after build
  -v, --verbose         verbose build
  -q, --quiet           quiet build
  --trace               Enable internal mock tracing output.
  --enable-plugin ENABLED_PLUGINS
                        Enable plugin. Currently-available plugins: ['tmpfs',
                        'root_cache', 'yum_cache', 'mount', 'bind_mount',
                        'ccache', 'selinux', 'package_state', 'chroot_scan',
                        'lvm_root', 'compress_logs', 'sign', 'pm_request',
                        'hw_info', 'procenv', 'showrc', 'rpkg_preprocessor']
  --disable-plugin DISABLED_PLUGINS
                        Disable plugin. Currently-available plugins: ['tmpfs',
                        'root_cache', 'yum_cache', 'mount', 'bind_mount',
                        'ccache', 'selinux', 'package_state', 'chroot_scan',
                        'lvm_root', 'compress_logs', 'sign', 'pm_request',
                        'hw_info', 'procenv', 'showrc', 'rpkg_preprocessor']
  --plugin-option PLUGIN:KEY=VALUE
                        define an plugin option (may be used more than once)
  -p, --print-root-path
                        print path to chroot root
  -l, --list-snapshots  list LVM/overlayfs snapshots associated with buildroot
  --scm-enable          build from SCM repository
  --scm-option SCM_OPTS
                        define an SCM option (may be used more than once)
  --yum                 use yum as package manager
  --dnf                 use dnf as package manager
  --bootstrap-chroot    build in two stages, using chroot rpm for creating the
                        build chroot
  --no-bootstrap-chroot
                        build in a single stage, using system rpm for creating
                        the build chroot
  --use-bootstrap-image
                        create bootstrap chroot from container image (turns
                        --bootstrap-chroot on)
  --no-bootstrap-image  don't create bootstrap chroot from container image
  --additional-package ADDITIONAL_PACKAGES
                        Additional package to install into the buildroot
                        before the build is done. Can be specified multiple
                        times.
```
